Now
Do you have any opinions?
No objection
Get out now
otherwise
will be on your head
bloom a flower
You two bitches
Wait for me
Finished
Offended Zhao Jun
My career is ruined
So what's there to be afraid of?
A mama's boy
Don’t you still have me?
what's your use
Zhao Jun has taken a stake
Our company
Once he withdraws his capital
My company will
The capital chain is broken
By then
Can't even make up the debt
Don’t you just need money?
I'll help you make up for it
Five hundred million
Enough or not
Stop joking
thank you for today
Help me out
But you can't help me
This woman
Just too strong
Spend 500 million yuan for girls
Please be aware of huge expenditures
There is a time difference in arrival
Please check in time
What a pity
Mr. Fan
this morning
The Zhao family suddenly withdrew its capital
Our capital chain is broken
The company can no longer survive
Could it be that from now on
I can only do
From the Fan family
To Zhao Jun
Have you given birth to children?
If that little cutie
It's true
That'll be fine
Fan Yueying
your company
It's going to end
You go out
You are not welcome here